{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs28\lang9 1. Different types of hackers?\par
\b0\fs22 Hacking is a process of gaining unauthorised access to a computer network or electronic device.\par
There are 6 Tyes of hackers :\ul\b\par
  1. White hat hackers:\par
\ulnone\b0\tab They are ehical hackers use their skills to discover loopholes in existing cybersecurity measures to help fix them.\par
\tab They handle sensitive data,they are responsible for security for security for government agencies.\par
\tab They are part of an inhouse IT security team.\par
\tab They work on cybersecurity consultants.\tab\par
\ul\b   2.Black hat hackers:\par
\ulnone\b0\tab They are malicious individuals in cyberspace who try and break into systems and networks to steal confidential information.\par
\tab They use any necessary to gain unauthorized access into systems and cause disruption.\par
\ul\b   3. Gray Hat hackers:\par
\ulnone\b0\tab They use methods similar to white and black hat hackers.\par
\tab They do not have any malicious intentions.\par
\tab A grey hat hacker may breach into company's private servers , but instead of stealing information will notify the management about the vulnerability.\par
\tab They neither sreal data nor do they offer their services as security experts.\ul\b\par
  4. Red hat hackers:\par
\ulnone\b0\tab They search for black hat hackers and shut them down.\par
\tab Red hat hacker can overload a black hackers network to block his attempts.\par
\tab Group of red hat hackers team up to attack multiple black hat hackers.\ul\b\par
  5. Hacktivist:\par
\ulnone\b0\tab They are hackers who seek to garner publicity for a certain cause by hacking into the systems (or) websites of relevant organisations.\par
\tab They deface the website of a particular company or government agency to protest against certain policies and bring it to the public's attention and raise awareness.\ul\b\par
  6. Script Kiddies:\par
\ulnone\b0\tab It is an amateur hacker who is aware of basic hacking techniquies.\par
\tab They unlikely to cause significant damage.\par
\tab They use open source hacking software (or) borrow it from people they know.\par
\par
\b\fs28 2. Different types of attacks?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\fs22 1. Malware:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 Malware is a type of application that can perform a variety of malicious tasks. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some strains of malware are designed to create persistent access to a network, some are designed to spy on the user in order to obtain credentials or other valuable data, while some are simply designed to cause disruption.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some forms of malware are designed to extort the victim in some way. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The most notable form of malware is Ransomware \f1\endash  a program designed to encrypt the victim\rquote s files and then ask them to pay a ransom in order to get the decryption key.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b 2. Phishing:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 A Phishing attack is where the attacker tries to trick an unsuspecting victim into handing over valuable information, such as passwords, credit card details, intellectual property, and so on.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Phishing attacks often arrive in the form of an email pretending to be from a legitimate organization, such as your bank, the tax department, or some other trusted entity.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Phishing is probably the most common form of cyber-attack, largely because it is easy to carry-out, and surprisingly effective.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul\b 3. Man-in-the-middle attack (MITM):\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 A man-in-the-middle attack (MITM) is where an attacker intercepts the communication between two parties in an attempt to spy on the victims, steal personal information or credentials, or perhaps alter the conversation in some way.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ITM attacks are less common these days as most email and chat systems use end-to-end encryption which prevents third parties from tampering with the data that is transmitted across the network, regardless of whether the network is secure or not.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b 4. Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) attack:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 A DDoS attack is where an attacker essentially floods a target server with traffic in an attempt to disrupt, and perhaps even bring down the target. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}However,unlike traditional denial-of-service attacks, which most sophisticated firewalls can detect and respond to, a DDoS attack is able to leverage multiple compromised devices to bombard the target with traffic.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b 5. SQL injection:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 SQL injection is a type of attack which is specific to SQL databases. SQL databases uses SQL statements to query the data, and these statements are typically executed via a HTML form on a webpage. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}If the database permissions have not been set properly, the attacker may be able to exploit the HTML form to execute queries that will create, read, modify or delete the data stored in the database.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b 6. Zero-day exploit:\par
\ulnone\b0\tab A zero-day exploit is where cyber-criminals learn of a vulnerability that has been discovered in certain widely-used software applications and operating systems, and then target organizations who are using that software in order to exploit the vulnerability before a fix becomes available.\par
\ul\b 7. Password Attack:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 A password attack, as you may have already guessed, is a type of cyber-attack where an attacker tries to guess, or "crack" a user's password. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}There are many different techniques for cracking a user\rquote s password, although an explanation of these different techniques is beyond the scope of this article.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b 8. IoT-Based Attacks:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0 As it currently stands, IoT devices are generally less secure than most modern operating systems, and hackers are keen to exploit their vulnerabilities. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}As with AI, the internet-of-things is still a relatively new concept, and so we are yet to see what methods cyber-criminals will use to exploit IoT devices, and to what ends.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 3.What are the interfaces in Java?\b0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Interfaces specify what a class must do and not how. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}It is the blueprint of the class.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}An Interface is about capabilities like a Player may be an interface and any class implementing Player must be able to (or must implement) move(). \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}So it specifies a set of methods that the class has to implement.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}If a class implements an interface and does not provide method bodies for all functions specified in the interface, then the class must be declared abstract.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}A Java library example is, Comparator Interface. If a class implements this interface, then it can be used to sort a collection.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab Syntax :\par
\tab interface <interface_name> \{\par
   \tab  // declare constant fields\par
   \tab  // declare methods that abstract \par
    \tab // by default.\par
\tab\}\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 To declare an interface, use interface keyword. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}It is used to provide total abstraction. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}That means all the methods in an interface are declared with an empty body and are public and all fields are public, static and final by default. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}A class that implements an interface must implement all the methods declared in the interface. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}To implement interface use implements keyword.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab\par
use of interface :\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f1 i.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf1\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 It is used to achieve total abstraction.\par
{\pntext\f1 ii.\tab}Since java does not support multiple inheritance in case of class, but by using interface it can achieve multiple inheritance .\par
{\pntext\f1 iii.\tab}It is also used to achieve loose coupling.\par
{\pntext\f1 iv.\tab}Interfaces are used to implement abstraction. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 4.Lambda in Java?\b0\fs22\tab\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Lambda Expressions were added in Java 8.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}A lambda expression is a short block of code which takes in parameters and returns a value. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Lambda expressions are similar to methods, but they do not need a name and they can be implemented right in the body of a method.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab Syntax:\par
\tab The simplest lambda expression contains a single parameter and an expression:\par
\tab\b parameter -> expression\b0\par
\tab To use more than one parameter, wrap them in parentheses:\par
\tab\b (parameter1, parameter2) -> expression\par
\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Expressions are limited. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}They have to immediately return a value, and they cannot contain variables, assignments or statements such as if or for. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}In order to do more complex operations, a code block can be used with curly braces. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 If the lambda expression needs to return a value, then the code block should have a return statement.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab\b (parameter1, parameter2) -> \{ code block \}\par
\b0\par
\b\fs28 5.About #pragma.\par
\b0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The preprocessor directive #pragma is used to provide the additional information to the compiler in C/C++ language. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}This is used by the compiler to provide some special features.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \tab The syntax of #pragma directive in C/C++ language,\par
\b\tab #pragma token_name\b0\par
\par
Some of #pragma directives in C/C++ language is given as follows,\par
\b Sr.No.\tab #pragma Directives & Description\b0\par
\b 1\tab #pragma startup\b0\par
\tab Before the execution of main(), the function specified in pragma is needed to run.\par
\b 2\tab #pragma exit\b0\par
\tab Before the end of program, the function specified in pragma is needed to run.\par
\b 3\tab #pragma warn\b0\par
\tab Used to hide the warning messages.\par
\b 4\tab #pragma GCC dependency\b0\par
\tab Checks the dates of current and other file. If other file is recent, it shows a warning message.\b\par
5\tab #pragma GCC system_header\par
\b0\tab It treats the code of current file as if it came from system header.\par
\b 6\tab #pragma GCC poison\b0\par
\tab Used to block an identifier from the program.\f0\par
}
 